[![Dress pattern](http://adam.schmideg.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/dress-pattern.jpg "Dress pattern")n-back](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3-back_task)
is a method to test your short term memory.  According to some
research, it may increase your fluid intelligence.  I've been
playing with [BrainWorkshop](http://brainworkshop.sourceforge.net),
a neat little open source program  for n-back.  It works, I've
already become smarter.  My proof is that I invented a word
puzzle.  
The n-back value of a word is the number of letters repeated at the
nth position, for example the 2-back value of *da**d*** is 1,
because the last d is two positions from the first d.  A letter in
bold shows a repetition.  The 2-back value of my name, *Ad**a**m*,
is also 1.  Higher numbers can also play, the 3-back value of
*memb**e**r* is 1, while its 2-back value is also 1
(*me**m**ber*).  Is 1 the highest n-back value for words?  No. 
Some of my favorite ones, *nonse**nse***, *conte**nte**d*,
*stomach**ach**e* all have 3 as their 3-back value.  Or the
simplest one, *tar**tar***, which is nothing else but repetition. 
They look easy, because its a whole block of letters that are
repeated.  But there are trickier ones, like
*ful**f**i**l**l**i**ng* where the repeating letters are
interspersed.  Which English word do you think has the highest
n-back value?  I don't know.


